Destructuring assignment features in es6 (#33)
cybertec-postgresql/today-i-learned-content: posts/TEMPLATE/index.md

---
date: 2030-12-31 # Auto updates on publish.

> title: Destructuring assignment features in ES6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Destructuring assignment features in es6
```

author: svitlana.lytvynenko@cybertec.at

> tags: ["javascript", "ES6"] # max. 10 tags; lowercase; dash-separated

Reviewer: Tags should be lower-case

```suggestion
tags: ["javascript", "es6"] # max. 10 tags; lowercase; dash-separated
```

> description: "Objects and Arrays destructuring assignment features in javascript" # max. 300 chars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Object and array destructuring assignment features in javascript" # max. 300 chars.
```

---

> We already know about the helpful **es6** feature for `object`- and `array`-[destructuring](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment). \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Today I learned about the helpful **ES6** "[destructuring](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment)" feature to unpack arrays and objects.  \
```

> We already know about cool **ES6** feature as Objects and Arrays [destructuring assignment](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment). \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We already know about the helpful **es6** feature for `object`- and `array`-[destructuring](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment). \
```

> This is a convenient way to extract values into distinct variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is a convenient way to extract values into distinct variables.
```

> We can also **object-destructure arrays**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to **object-destructure arrays**:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to **object-destructure arrays**:
```

> We can also **Object-destructure Arrays**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also **object-destructure arrays**:
```

```typescript
const { 0: x, 2: y, 3: z } = ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd'];
console.log(x) // 'a'
console.log(z) // 'd'
```

> This works because [Array indices are also properties](https://exploringjs.com/impatient-js/ch_arrays.html#array-indices)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works because [array indices are properties as well](https://exploringjs.com/impatient-js/ch_arrays.html#array-indices)!
```

> Alternatively, [Array-destructuring](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment#Array_destructuring) can be applied to any value that is iterable, not just to Arrays:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, [array-destructuring](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment#Array_destructuring) can not only be applied to arrays, but to *any iterable value*:
```
